fix: clarify method and signature field descriptions (#62)
opentdf/spec: schema/OpenTDF/assertion_binding.md

```json
"binding": {
  "method": "jws",
  "signature": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiJ9..." // JWS string
}
```

## Fields

| Parameter | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Required? |
| --------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- |

> | method    | String | Binding format. This version defines only `"jws"` (JSON Web Signature, compact serialization).                                                                                   | Yes       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| method    | String | Binding format. This version defines only `"jws"` (JWS Compact Serialization string format defined by the JWS (RFC 7515) specification).                                                                                   | Yes       |
```
